Now, if we go a little bit closer to Amazon,
we will find that we can go and have an EC2 machine where we have our server and
indeed that one can copy from one SQL server to another SQL server.
In that particular case,
I mean the case at hand,
the most common would be that we have MySQL or Postgres
or one of those relational databases in RDS,
let's say in Amazon a relational data-store.
We have Redshift on the other side and we want to do this.
The question would be, "Would we need to
take all our CSVs in the storage of this server?''
Well, naturally in the on-prime we might be doing something like that.
As we said either locally on our network attached
storage to this machine or number of machines.
But actually in the Amazon architecture we have
something nice which is we can actually connect to
the Amazon RDS and issue a command pointing RDS to a bucket and telling RDS,
''Hey, just go and take your stuff here'' Similarly,
after the data has been copied successfully to S3,
we can go and issue a command to Amazon Redshift saying,
''Hey, Amazon I am going to point you to
an S3 bucket and you go and get your stuff and move them here.''
With that actually the ETL server here,
only that maybe we still are interested in
the scheduling capabilities of that server but we are not
interested a lot in this server having a lot of storage
because S3 works as what is known as a staging area.
An important question might arise would be,
''But what if you have here,
may be an EC2 machine,
was a server that does not have this capability?''
Well, at that point,
you will actually revert to the initial design of taking the data into
the local storage of the ETL server than moving it again to Amazon S3 to do that.
But in general, there are many products,
most of the products in Amazon,
especially the managed services.
They all know how to go and talk directly to S3.